= lotu
A simple, agile Ruby game development framework.

== Install
The preferred way to try it out is cloning from github:

  git clone git://github.com/lobo-tuerto/lotu.git

The is a gem right now, but while the API stabilizes it is not updated as often as the github repo.

  gem install lotu

== Description
*lotu* aims to bring an agile and simple game development framework to life.

It provides useful abstractions so you can concentrate on developing your game.

It's built on top of Gosu, the excellent Cross-platform 2D game development library.
http://code.google.com/p/gosu/

After making my first game (*Rubytris* http://github.com/lobo-tuerto/rubytris), and been working for a few days in my new project (a Missile Command clone)... I decided I didn't want to type so much code. Thought I could organize my code better too.

So, what can you do if you spot some patters here, a few more there? well, you do a framework of course! :)
(disclaimer: well, you might want to do something else, but I will go with this, since I'm very excited about writing my first framework!)

If you have any questions of suggestions don't hesitate and send me a message!


== Features
* Easy way to manage input, rendering, updating, etc.
* Simple access to game resources (images, sounds, songs, etc).
* Steering behaviors


== Coming features
* Utility classes for viewports, game states, etc.
* Pathfinding and more AI stuff


== Game frameworks
Here are some other Gosu based frameworks:
* [Chingu] (http://github.com/ippa/chingu)
* [Exuberant] (http://github.com/adamsanderson/lexery/tree/master/lib/exuberant)
* [FWD] (http://github.com/walski/FWD)
* [Nimo] (http://github.com/moonpxi/nimo)
* [PuitUniverse] (http://github.com/oneup/puituniverse)
* [Ramverk] (http://github.com/deps/Ramverk)
* [Space Shooter Engine] (http://github.com/belen-albeza/space-shooter/tree/master/engine/)
* [SpriteJam] (http://github.com/richardeden/spritejam)

There are others not base on Gosu you might like to check out:
* [gamebox](http://github.com/shawn42/gamebox)
* [jemini](http://github.com/jemini/jemini-core)

Be sure I will take inspiration from them. ;)
Nevertheless I'm doing this because I want to become better at architecturing software. And this seems like fitting practice. :D


== Copyright
Copyright (c) 2010 Víctor Adrián de la Cruz Serrano. See LICENSE for details.
